Eth communication project for stm32f746g-disco :

1\ - Global architecture : 

The project contains the followings folders :

 - ETH : This folder contains the nessecary functions to initiate the ethernet configuration, it contains initialization of MAC, DMA,
   RX & TX descriptors plus the IP/UDP header. We also have the functions to manipulate the payload we have received or that we want to transmit
   
 - GPIO : This folder contains the GPIO initialization to put the pins in RMII (Reduced media Independent Interface)
   
 - Interrupt : This folder contains the parameters to enable the Interruptions for incoming frames.

 - RCC & SYSCFG : Those folder contains the material configuration used by the boot the enable the required peripherials & the RMII mode

 - Timer : This folder contains the functions to manipulates the timer

 - Startup : Contains assembly file auto-generated by ST for stm32f746g-disco

 - boot : first part on the main programs, it use parts of previous functions to set the material and Ethernet configuration.

 - main : contains the main loop of the app, it checks if a command has been received. If yes, the app start to send frames until the number of frames
 has been reached unless it's stopped before.

2\ - How to use : 

Once the binary is flashed, the chip stays in an infinite functionnal loop, and wait for a Ethernet command.
The ethernet command should be on 0x1103 for the UDP dest, and have the followings parameters :

 - Number of frames to send ( unsigned 32 bits )
 - Interval between frames in microseconds ( unsigned 32 bits )
 - Stop (0/1) ( ignored if nothing is running ) ( unsigned 32 bits )

Once the command is received it starts to send the ethernet frames of 50 bytes with a 'PING' and a message counter. It can be stopped by sending
a command again with stop = 1. Other values mean continue.

3\ Technical limits and choices.

In the Ethernet module, choice has been made to have only one TX & RX descriptor. It's dimensionned for the need. Frames are sent by colasoft through Ethernet
by hand, so the possibility to loose frames is null. For a general use descriptors must be multiplied.

Timer is set with the default frequency, (16 MHz). Final frequency timer is calculate by Timer_freq =  (Freq_clock / (prescaler + 1 ))
Calculations are made to set the input delay for a hundred timer ticks, and 16 MHz was enough to handle this timing. a restriction of 100µs has been set because of 
unstability below this timing. Only timer 2 to 5 are declared int the Timer API, beacause others were'nt needed. Timer 2 has been selected, because it has a 32 bit counter
instead of 16 for 3 & 4. Five could also have been select, because it's also a 32 bits counter.

RMII over MII interface has been chosen for the gpio configuration for the ethernet because of the limited pin configuration necessary. 7 pins for RMII over 25 for MII.


4\ - Potential improvements :

It's possible to implement the low power mode and make the CPU cleeping. The MAC filters have to be configured to see frames on the desired UDP dst PORT. We also 
need to set the corresponding interruption in the ETH_Wakeup handler. Then when work is over the chip could go back in sleep mode. 

We can also activate the screen to inform user of which state ar we on, info about what's has been received and how many frames are sent.
